---
layout: post
title: Detox
---

I read an interesting statistic earlier today. [People in a good mood are 77 percent likelier to eat healthy food than those feeling bad.](http://shine.yahoo.com/parenting/-weird-reasons-you-re-gaining-weight-200054172.html) Coincidentally I haven't had any sugar since Sunday and I've been in much better spirits since Monday. Periods of sugar detox tend to help me clear my head and think more rationally through stress, and so far it's working.

I started looking into [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) over the weekend as I was thinking about getting back into blogging. I wanted to use something that didn't seem as bloated as Wordpress, while still giving me the opportunity to play around with the code. After reading through the documentation for a few days I finally decided to dive in yesterday and to my surprise it literally took me a couple of minutes for initial set up. I'm hosting on GitHub Pages which was also pretty easy and now all I have to do is write my posts in my text editor and push to Github to publish. 

The biggest challenge for me was changing my domain over. I can never seem to get my domains working properly on my first attempt. But this morning I looked over things again, changed the A record correctly and bam! Bye, bye old blog, hello new blog. At some point I may migrate my old posts over, but for now I'm content with the fresh start.

I haven't really changed anything with the default Jekyll design yet except changing the body width to be fluid instead of fixed-width. I also addd an [rss feed template](https://github.com/snaptortoise/jekyll-rss-feeds) to show my most recent post on my main site [britneywright.com](http://britneywright.com). Finally, I added a projects section to the site where I'll link to things I work on. And since the Jekyll setup went so smoothly I actually had the time and confidence to do another project yesterday and add it to the page.

One simple thing that I think will help me become more efficient on the computer is to make better/greater use of the command line. I took a look at Command Line the Hard Way yesterday and in the first section there's a list of terms and definitions. So I got slightly sidetracked and created [flash cards](http://onebrokeb.com/projects/command-line-flash-cards/index.html) in Javascript of all the terms and definitions. I've managed to resist the feature creep urge for now, so it's pretty basic, but functional. Now I just have to use them and hopefully get my workflow moving a little faster.

-b ❄