---
layout: post
title: Trying
---

In writing this post I've reached all my goals in the first week of this month's happiness project. But my stress and poor eating are taking their toll on my emotions. One minute I'm feeling good about something and the next all I want to do is hide under my covers and cry. And no, it's not that time of the month.

I enjoyed taking photos all week. Still trying to correctly get the manual settings correct, but I think I'm getting better. I created a [page](/photos) to display my favorite photo from each day. I also added a jquery plugin called Fluidbox to create a nice lightbox effect when the photos are clicked to view them at a larger size. Another experiment I tried with the page is implementing the css property flexbox. It makes it easier to layout content without need for a full grid system. 

On the cooking front I made more banana bread to take to my Saturday coding meetups. I wish the other attendees had eaten more because I still have a lot left over and I'm concerned about eating it all. I was able to eat the chili mac I made all week for lunch and dinner. Surprisingly I didn't really get tired of it. It was also great not spending a ton of money on meals. Earlier this evening I cut up some carrots, tossed them in olive oil, sprinkled them with seasonings and put them in the oven. They didn't turn out crispy like I was hoping but they were very good. Go me for eating veggies.

This week I also signed a lease for my new place. Officially moving into D.C.! I'm excited, but also nervous because it's going to cost a lost more to live in the district. I'm trying not to let money stress me out as much though. I know I can afford it and I'm confident that it will help my overall well-being. I'm planning to move on the 14th, so between now and then I have a lot of packing to do. I'm fortunate I did some initial sprucing and organizing in July and got rid of a lot. I'm going to do my best to not crack between now and then.