---
layout: post
title: Math is a B
---

Ahh falling off the blog posts again! I need to start writing posts as I'm doing things. I'll try to work backwards from what's most fresh in my mind over the past week.

Today I declared it front-end dev day. I spent most of the day going through an article on [CSS patterns](http://24ways.org/2011/css3-patterns-explained/). I think they're realy cool and want to know more about creating them rather than just copying and pasting the code of patterns I find. One thing I struggle with when it comes to things like creating patterns is that I'm so anti-math I spend most of my time randomly changing numbers and seeing what the outcome is, rather than making deliberate changes based on the outcome I want. I don't have any specific plans to use the patterns so in some regard I probably should've looked at something else today, but creating and replicating patterns was a good exercise mental exercise.

Another good exercise I tried this evening was replicating colors with the game [What the Color?](http://leaverou.github.io/whathecolor/) by Lea Verou. Lea also wrote the CSS patterns article I read and she's a genius when it comes to CSS (among other things). The firt couple of colors took me over 4 minutes to guess. Did I mention my anti-math thing. Apparently that has also hindered my ability to judge and mix colors accurately. Again a work in progress.

I've also spent the last week working specifically on the job search tracker app. Yesterday I fixed a bug in my dateinput polyfill that sprang up after Daylight Savings time started. When a date was selected in the calendar the previous date would actually populate the field. First I confirmed it wasn't an oversight on my part when i discovered the polyfill demo was incorrect as well after Daylight Savings time started. Then I got some good direction from a friend that it was related to time zones. After searching and trying to figure it out for hours I finally found the adjustment that was needed. I had to change getDate to getUTCDate throughout the JavaScript file and that did the trick.

Some other adjustments I made, at the request of my single beta tester, was changing the format of the interviews view to be a weekly calendar instead of a list. This way users can see when they have interviews scheduled for the week. This was a great suggestion by my tester as I was thinking the app would be more for historical reference to see what jobs you applied for and when you had intereviews, rather than to proactively add data that can be referenced in advance of interviews. Along with that I added new attributes to interviews including time. I also added contact attributes to the the jobs object. 