---
layout: post
title: New Year, Same Shit
---

2014 was a pretty awful and so far 2015 isn't really on track to be any better.

I'm writing this from my mother's basement where I've been sleeping on the couch for about two months. It's the ultimate "loser" achievement. Fortunately/unfortunately it's because of issues I'm having at my apartment. My life hasn't completely fallen apart (yet). On the surface my life seems fine. I have a job that pays me well enough to not feel like i'm financially suffocating. That's really the only positives I can think of though. I feel out of control in every aspect of my life. 

I hate work because I spend most of days with no actual work to do. And what little work I get is filling in spreadsheets. My job title is front-end developer, but at this rate I could go weeks without writing a single line of code and no one would even notice. 

My weight is at an all-time high, 173 lbs. Pretty sure I gained the most recent 10 lbs over the span of just a couple weeks. When I'm bored at work, or frustrated at home I use food as a distraction. I know I felt better when I was following the paleo diet in the fall, but once I stopped I wasn't able to start back up again. So now I'm upset because I'm fat but I eat more to cope with being upset. You can see where that's going to lead me. Over the last three day weekend I did a two day green smoothie cleanse and on the third day I had a healthy lunch at a mexican restaurant. When the weekend was up I was 170.8. I felt like I got a small energy boost and motivation to get focused on my diet and exercise again. I learned about a website, dietbetter.com, where you place bets on targeted weight loss goals and signed up for a 4% body weight reduction in 28 days goal. I have $30 bucks on the line and if I reach my goal of losing 6.8 lbs in a month I'll at least get my money back and potentially win more depending on what percentage of the group reaches their 4% goal. But if you read the beginning of this paragraph you'll note I said I'm at 173. Instead of losing weight I've already gained over two pounds in a week. I put little to no effort into my diet last week and my exercise was sporadic at best. I went to the grocery store yesterday and bought a good amount of vegetables to try and get on track this week. I also did two workout videos today. This morning I did a 10 minute ab workout and this evening I did a 40 minute kickboxing video. I know I shouldn't expect results immediately, but I really thought that because my recent weight gain was so rapid, I might lose a decent amount of weight initially just by putting in a minimal amount of effort. Now I realize that's not the case and I'm going to need to push myself to move in the right direction.